hello people um what is up sorry that I
haven't made a video in our super long
time but I am back with this a clash of
clans game it's a pretty fun game but
let's get to the point alright so this
is a best attack strategy for me so far
that's worked quite a bit to get
trophies just a little bit at a time i
was i was losing trophies because i was
attacking people too fast rushing it and
now i have 1084 and i have 1173 and i
dropped all the way to 994 so that's why
i decided to think about what I'm doing
so here's my tax strategy so here is our
camp I have I can hold 125 on troops as
you can see let's just put this one info
um so yeah so I have four wall breakers
I used to f5 but doesn't matter whole
lot then I have 117 barbarians so just
to show you i am going to attack but
first let me just show you what we're
mainly going to do we're going to put
half our troops over here and then half
a tooth over here and usually that works
the best that they kind of come together
like this but some cases i might just
attack put them all on one side and some
people might not agree because cuz you
know wizard towers and mortars they have
the splash as you can see it says area
splash and i think it says the same
thing for the mortar yet area splash so
this dude kind of those are kind of hard
to stay away from but let's go let's go
ahead and attack
so let's look and what we have here oh
that one has to see mainly what I look
at is the area splash defenses so that
one had quite a bit now this one
actually doesn't look too bad he has the
level three mortar and a level one
wizard tower so I'm thinking about
attacking this because it's not really
that well defended I'm not I think want
to put some troops over here and some
right here for the mortars but first I
need to destroy the stuff in front of it
so let's go ahead and put down this to
the stretch what's that let's put it
over here now let's take this put to
right there also on this side let's
choose the wall breakers one two okay so
yeah so as you can see I have that open
and this so let's go ahead and how much
do we have we have much so we're going
to just let them destroy that let's come
back over here this area
see I got that going and it might
actually let's just put them all over
here that would be a little distraction
point over there and as you can see I
have there he had a person in clan
castle well let's just see how this does
um so far it's working pretty good but
these people are going to come around
and go into the basin destroy the wizard
towers that's mainly all that needs to
happen is to destroy that wizard tower
I'm basically good for the most part and
I did get the fifty percent and so yes
wasn't out pretty good yeah so I
basically have it I'm sorry about the
small screen I'm using my ipod because
the computers messed up but it'll work
um yeah so now we are destroying their
elixir mainly and now we're going for
their gold which he's not really going
to have a whole lot of gold in here and
actually he does have quite a bit the
understanding that gold right now now I
want them to really destroy this one
Archer tower just to make sure the I
think these guys are pretty healthy up
here so let's just hope it goes pretty
good yeah they're pretty healthy I can
tell yeah just destroy that and go over
the archer tower probably doesn't have a
whole lot of hell yeah so let's go for
that townhall not sure if we can get it
but let's try so we are just waiting now
now how to store that I get 18 so
nothing to happen to this yet I think we
can get it in turns three seconds don't
know kind of doubt it but I mean I get
the elixir and goals but it's all good
we still got quite a bit trippy
yeah I think I think we can make it see
the countdown oh got it at the last
second victory at the last second so
that's pretty cool now I did use my clan
castle which gave me an extra 10
barbarians and extra five orchard that's
a really bright it doesn't look like it
from line yeah you can see that 25 that
125 and that five so yeah and it worked
pretty good I got 18 trophies from it so
if you like this video a rate comment
and subscribe to so yeah hopefully this
won't take too long this town hall
because I have a whole new setup that
I'm thinking about where i'm going to
put like a lick sir right there same
thing for the other side and then put my
gold storages like this on both sides I
can get it right there now I'm going to
have my going to have mortar there and
here no probably yeah there and then
I'll have this wizard tower here and
there except Phylly that work out well
so if you guys like this rate comment
and subscribe sorry about the small
screen if you're on a computer if your
honor iphone or something like that it
is does look pretty good it's small
enough to show the full screen so yep if
you like this video rate comment
subscribe peace